Add javacOpt using directive (#1438)
VirtusLab/scala-cli: website/docs/commands/run.md

(New JVM versions are automatically checked daily, and updates for those are - manually - merged
swiftly.)

### JVM options

> `--java-opt` lets you add java options to running application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--java-opt` lets you add `java` options which will be passed when running an application:
```
